Time to handle the data we actually get back.
Of course it could just retrieve the temperature and so on and printed to the screen and yet everything
would be fine.
But we learned about those classes and proxies self-reflect and so on.
Some probably want to use that to and as Project here as it really fits in nicely.
So you learn to trade and you fall and naming it wherever data.
Chaz let's say and this fall I want to create a class all name and whether they that it does class should
have a constructor and it will store the data fetch from the server.
So I want to have a city name field here which should be city name being passed to the constructor so
lets add city name.
I'll also need the description so I'll add this right away.
So this description should be the description I pass here and then the temperature and I will set this
to an empty string for now and you'll soon see why.
So I don't read the properties my web or data class should have and I want to export this class of course
to make it available outside of here.
Now what I plan to do is the this class should be instantiated So I want to create an object using this
class as a blueprint and then I want to wrap the object like I did with a proxy.
This proxy should then have a get and set method which will allow me each new trends for each temperature
I assign Tudor's class into Fahrenheit.
That's the automatic conversion I was talking of earlier.
Now I will export this proxy handler in this Faltu Well of course you could create a separate fault
for this too.
So I'm just going to name it whether proxy could type a proxy handler.
And this won't be a script Optik of course because the proxy handler is a javascript object.
I will demonstrate how to treat a function get function here a get trap which will take a target and
the property as input.
And then I will just return and reflect got Target properties of course that wouldn't be necessary just
once to remind you of how to use this refl. API conjunction with proxies.
With the trap you are to get trap but of course very important will be set trap here where I will get
a target property and Avali when these are just the default arguments set up expects to get check out
the new proxy API I'm not sure.
For more details on that.
And then here I will calculate a new value actually based on the old value of course which you would
want to multiply with 1 8 and then add 32.
This turns out to be the conversion formula or to convert Celsius or degrees Celsius to 4 at night.
So I'm converting this here that I'm using the two the method to prevent any floating point errors and
also to fixed this to two decimal places and then all at D.
Well the unit at the end Fahrenheit here.
Then I want to return refl. set of course no target property and here not value.
But of course my new value which I want to set and with that I treat the handler for the trap.
Usually for the proxy which I will later on create and also as I'm already doing it this should be exported